mod_hfs_apple Apache module (enforce casing in URLs which need it)

When a <Directory> statement is found in the configuration file (this
discussion does not apply if .htaccess files are used instead) then
its directory path is supposed to apply to any URL which URI uses
that directory. In other words, a <Directory> statement usually
defines some restrictions and any URL that goes to the targeted
directory (or its sub-directories) should "follow" those restrictions.

On case-sensitive volumes, a URI must
always match the actual path, in order for the file to be fetched. Any
<Directory> statement will consequently be enforced. Because if there
is a case-mismatch a file-not-found error will be returned and if 
there is no case-mismatch then relevant <Directory> statements will 
be walked through while parsing the URI.

On case-insensitive HFS volumes, a URI may
not always case-match the actual path to the file that needs to be 
fetched. That means that <Directory> statements may not be walked
through if a case-mismatch appears in the URI (or in the statement)
in regards to the actual path stored on disk. Consequently, some
restrictive statements may be missed but the target file may still be 
returned as response. In this situation we have a problem: to solve
it we should refuse such URL that case-mismatches part of the path
which, if not miscased, would actually make a <Directory> statement
currently configured applies.

That is what this module does. Consequently, when this module is
installed, some "pseudo-case-sensitivity" is enforced when Apache 
deals with case-insensitive HFS volumes.